FAQInstallation: update how verify signature (#1320)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Installation.md

### How can I verify PGP signatures?

On the [WasabiWallet.io](https://wasabiwallet.io) website you can download the packages of the latest release.
To verify the signature you also need to download the separate signature `.asc` file.

> In the terminal, change the directory to the one with the downloaded files, and verify the signature with the correct commands, depending on which operating system you are.

Reviewer: IMO we should keep at least that command.

```suggestion
In the terminal, change the directory to the one with the downloaded files, and verify the signature with `gpg --verify Wasabi-${currentVersion}.deb.asc`, or with another command, depending on which operating system you are.
```

Author: nack

Reviewer: How would someone who does not know the command know which command to use?

Author: click on the links underneath for the full guide for each OS, where it is in more detail explained how to for mac, linux and windauws

Reviewer: In the Windows and macOS there guides there is no mention of any command.
Plus this command works on all OSs.

Author: verify deb package on macOS or Win?

Reviewer: Check the updated suggestion.

Author: > In the terminal, change the directory to the one with the downloaded files, and verify the signature with `gpg --verify` + the corresponding signature file name, depending on which operating system you are.

that's incorrect, you need both both the signature file and the package

Reviewer: Both of these commands work:
`gpg --verify Wasabi-2.0.2.msi.asc`
`gpg --verify Wasabi-2.0.2.msi.asc Wasabi-2.0.2.msi`

Author: ok I didn't know that works on win and mac
